😴 90K+ Customers Sleeping Better

📦 Free Shipping + 30-Day Guarantee

Core Sleep
Sleep + Calm
Sleep + Restore
FAQs
Research
 
Total items in cart: 0
Core Sleep
Core Sleep

It's our core formulation of Venetron (Rafuma Extract), SenSoril, GABA, and Valerian root, crafted to help you sleep well and wake up refreshed, without the sleep hangover.

Safe

Effective

Tailored

Formula: Core Sleep
Core Sleep Sleep + Calm Sleep + Restore
Container: Bottle
 Bottle  Pouch
Subscribe & Save 10%
$39.99
$35.99

• Free shipping
• Risk-free first 30 days
• Easy skip, gift, or cancel anytime

Deliver Every 
Every 30 Days
Every 60 Days
One Time Purchase
$39.99
Decrease quantity
Increase quantity
Add to Bag

✔️ Free Shipping on orders of $50+

✔️ Money back Guarantee

"The most medically-
backed method I've tried."

"The #1 Best Supplement
To Take While Traveling."

"The sleep vitamin is unlike traditional medication but still works to improve overall sleep and health."

Sleep Foundation 2021 Best
Overall Melatonin Supplement

Description
Our Core formulation provides the building blocks for long-term sleep health to help you gently (but quickly) ease into sleep, maintain a state of deep sleep, and wake up feeling refreshed and restored.
Key Ingredients
Shipping & Returns
Safe

Safe, drug-free, and non habit-forming. No antihistamines and no alcohol.

Effective

Expert-designed formulas contain ingredients at dosage levels clinically proven to improve your sleep.

Tailored

Natural, vegan, gluten/dairy/sugar-free, non-GMO. Allergen-free. No artificial colors or binders.

USA Manufactured

Produced in a FDA-approved facility that is Good Manufacturing Practices and Guidelines (CGMP) compliant.

TAP ANY INGREDIENT TO EXPAND

Overall rating: 4.626728 / 5 from 217 reviews.

AI Generated Review Summary

Customers have reported significant improvements in sleep quality and performance with Core Sleep, noting that it helps them fall asleep faster, maintain deep sleep, and wake up feeling refreshed. While some customers experienced relief from sleep issues, others had differing viewpoints on the product's effectiveness. Overall, the supplement is appreciated for its positive impact on sleep.

Summary topics
Sleep Quality Difference (5%): It was observed by customers that the product made a huge difference in their sleep quality and performance.
Sleep Aid Effectiveness (4%): It was observed by customers that the supplement helped them fall asleep faster and return to sleep easier.
Sleep Experience (54%): A significant amount of customers expressed appreciation for the good sleep they experienced with Proper Core Sleep.
Sleep Improvement Results (5%): Customers raved about the results they achieved with the product, stating that it significantly improved their sleep.
Sleep Improvement (7%): Customers expressed appreciation for the improvement they have experienced since using the Core sleep product in their sleep.

Review topics: [].

Review highlights
"Not waking up groggy is a bonus and I am really enjoying a good night's sleep!" — Kellyann R.
"works well to help me get a restful night&#x27;s sleep" — Nancy
"Core sleep almost immediately improved my sleep initiation." — William S.
Reviews
Transformative

"Taking Core Sleep for a month now after trying two other formulas has been transformative. I’ve been sleeping through the night and if I wake up to go to the bathroom, it’s easy to fall asleep. I’m feeling rested and ready for the day."

— Jason P. (5/5)

Would highly recommend to anybody

"Would highly recommend to anybody looking to boost their sleep quality. I tried it for 30 days to see how my sleep performance would compare vs. 30 days prior (I track on Whoop). The results were pretty meaningful! REM sleep accounted for 22% of my total sleep while using Sonnet vs. 17% the 30 days prior. That’s about 20 extra minutes of REM per night, without any grogginess the next day. Will continue using going forward and recommend to anybody looking to optimize their sleep performance!"

— Gerardo G. (5/5)

It Works!

"I have tried so many sleep aids I cannot count them. Core Sleep really works and helps me sleep through the night. Even when I wake up, I’m able to get back to sleep quickly. It has been a life changer!"

— Kenneth T. (5/5)

A 10 hour snooze

"I gave my friend two Core pills last night. She has major trouble sleeping. She slept 10 hours. So excited I could share it with her."

— John A. (5/5)

Core Sleep is an excellent

"Core Sleep is an excellent product for sleep. It's especially good for putting you to sleep. If you have difficulty staying asleep try Sleep and Calm. You may take both together."

— Susan (5/5)

Works well

"After taking this for a few days it started working well but as time went on it’s not as effective. Still helps but waking up more. I do like that I am not drowsy from it the next day."

— Mary W. (4/5)

Does not work

"Does not work"

— Debbie (1/5)

Best sleep ever

"This really works. I sleep all night and don’t wake up groggy."

— Cindy B. (5/5)

Game changer for sleep!

"Game changer for sleep!"

— Tammatha (5/5)

Experience with Core Sleep

"I did have a positive experience with Core Sleep the first time I took it. After five days the sleep has gotten better ( that is what the literature said and that seems to have happened). I look forward to the full benefits at four weeks."

— Frank M. (4/5)

Q&A

Our Commitment

Continually innovate to create the most evidence-backed approach to improving your long-term sleep health

Our Research

Happiness Guarantee

Sleep isn’t one-size-fits-all. Many see improvements the first night and full benefits after several weeks. If that's not the case, please reach out and let us know - we'll work to make it right.

Contact Us
Exclusive Benefits
Email

Apply for our free membership to receive exclusive deals, news, and events.

Explore
Explore 
 
Core Sleep
Sleep + Calm
Sleep + Restore
FAQs
Research
More
More 
 
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter

Statements on this website have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. Any products discussed or advertised are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. Testimonial results are from Sonnet customers, individual results may vary.

© 2026 Sonnet. (Holistic Health Holdings LLC). All Rights Reserved.
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy